[grunt]
[pained grunt]
Ow, ow, owww!
Well, Boruto... Do you want me
to tell you how you can get
yourself out of this situation?
You'll have to break your own
arm...
[grunt]
It's probably impossible for
you, because you don't have the
drive to become a ninja.
Don't have the drive?! What the
hell is that supposed to mean?
I'm talking about having
resolve.
Whether it's for money, for
praise, or for the sake of your
parents‐‐that doesn't matter.
But if you don't have it, you'll
never be able to do what needs
to be done to change.
Come on, even I have... [pained
groan]
You thought you'd just become a
ninja with all your friends
and then figure out what
to do, right?
You call that resolve? Then what
about right now, when you still
haven't figured it out?
Can you take down those same
friends... in order to become a
ninja?
It's a hard question to answer,
isn't it? But still these
situations happen all the time.
And that's when what ultimately
sustains a ninja is born.
Resolve comes from motivation.
Sure, you're willing, and you do
have the talent. But that just
isn't enough.
That's even more true if you
don't have the resolve that it
takes.
That's not true! How would you
even know anything about me?!
Oh, I know plenty. Because I got
a good look at you up close.
Huh?!
[gasp]
You're‐‐!
All I did was take a page from
your book. I just pranked you!
But regardless, this year's
Academy students...
...are completely horrible.
There's just no other way to put
it.
What?
Seems there are a few among you
who have at least some resolve,
but still...
...they underestimate what a
ninja is.
I can only assume
that's because of your influence
on them.
The severity of being a ninja...
Ahhh! [pained grunt]
(KAKASHI) The unfairness that
awaits you... You can't even
begin to imagine it.
There's no way that I can
acknowledge a group like that as
ninja!
Because once you go on a real
mission, you'll end up being
slaughtered.
I'll ask you again: can you find
a reason to become a ninja, a
reason to sacrifice your arm?
Ah! [pained groan]
(KAKASHI) Well... I guess no
one's going to pass this year...
[pained breaths]
And there's no need for any of
you to return to the Academy
either.
You'll just have to find another
path.
Think of it as part of the
severity of becoming a ninja...
[pained grunt and breaths]
[pained groan]
(MITSUKI) Lightning Style!
Snake Lightning!
[grunt]
[grunts]
They got me...
Well, what are you going to do
now? What's your next move,
Boruto?
(SAMIRE KAKEI) I don't detect
the Sensei nearby.
(IWABE) I guess we got away for
now.
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah, I'm okay. Just go take
care of Mitsuki.
Don't worry about him! Wasabi is
really good at Medical Ninjutsu.
Although they tell me I'm not
cut out for it.
Hey. Thanks, Wasabi.
So... is this what they mean by
the severity of being a ninja?
[sighs]
Let's just wrap this up so we
can get on with becoming
ninja, together!
You guys... I'm sorry.
All of this is my fault.
What are you talking about?
I thought that we could all
become ninja together...
...and then I could figure out
what I wanted to do afterward.
But I guess... that's just not
good enough...
Is that why you froze up back
there when you were with Lord
Sixth?
I just couldn't do it. I
couldn't break my own arm.
Your arm?!
(BORUTO) Old Man Kakashi said
our class was horrible... and
that it was all because of me.
[seething]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Damn it!
Stop, Iwabe!
Please! Please don't fight each
other!
What‐‐ What the hell is your
problem?
[grunt]
Turning on each other is exactly
what the Sensei want us to do!
Shut up! I'm not picking a
fight!
What the hell are you talking
about, Boruto?! You're saying
that we're weak because of you?!
Quit looking down on us! And
that goes for you and for Lord
Sixth!
The truth is that if it weren't
for you, Boruto...
...I'd still be sitting in the
corner of the classroom...
...expecting not to
graduate...and sulking!
It's 'cause of you I got this
far!
After all we've done, you're
still looking down on me?
I've made up my mind now! And
I'm gonna become a ninja, no
matter what!
You helped me get as far as I
have, and I won't let you give
up now!
Am I right?
Mm!
If it weren't for you, I
probably wouldn't even be here.
(SAMIRE KAKEI) Me, too.
Huh...?
Because if you hadn't been
there for me, I wouldn't be
alive right now.
That's why I want to repay you
and all the others who helped
me...
...with my life and with my
power.
That's why... I'm gonna become a
ninja!
(IWABE) Our entire class is full
of good people.
You may have a big mouth, but
you always put us first...
and did everything you could to
help us escape.
You're the heart of this class,
Boruto. That's the truth,
even though I kinda hate to
admit it...
All of us have come to admire
you, to look up to you.
Do you really think that that's
a bad thing?!
But, I... You guys, I...
(MITSUKI) [gasping]
[gasp]
Mitsuki! You okay?!
I think that I'll manage...
I'm so sorry Mitsuki.
(MITSUKI) But why?
Huh?
I did this because I wanted to.
It was my choice.
I actually tried to do something
for someone else...
If I hadn't observed you, it
never would've crossed my mind.
And now that I have, I can see
that it's pretty fun!
So what if I got hurt? I don't
really care either way.
Mitsuki...
[chuckle]
You're really strong, you know
that?
You think so?
I've made up my mind!
And I...
...am gonna become a ninja so
that we can all stay together!
Yeah, all right, let's do it!
Let's make Lord Sixth take back
everything!
But how can we do that? Didn't
all of us get taken out of the
test already?
Actually, about that...
Huh...?
(DENKI) I thought it was
strange...
I don't understand why there
would be a twenty‐four‐hour time
limit.
I mean... as long as we still
have our bandanas...
Then we should be able to keep
trying, shouldn't we?
And come to think of it, our
bandanas weren't taken when they
got us before.
Yeah! Not even when we got
knocked unconscious!
And even though we were injured,
they didn't come after us
anymore.
So maybe everyone's still
allowed to take part in the
exam, then!
Yeah. I'm positive. that we're
all okay.
How do you know!
'Cause this exam is testing our
"resolve".
Well, all the Sensei did tell us
that this is not just an
ordinary exam...
(BORUTO) I didn't realize
it, cause it's the pratical
exam,
but a trick question like this
is typical.
You can't focus on the question.
The answer's in how you solve
the problem.
This isn't an ordinary exam.
This is for all of our sakes...
The early bird gets the worm...
Also...
There's only one bell to get.
Then that means...!
Yeah! We're all gonna pass this
test together!
[determined grunt]
(KONOHAMARU) You think Boruto
and the others will find us?
Well we are making it really
easy for them to figure it
out...
If they don't come to rescue
their comrades, then everyone
fails.
(KONOHAMARU) Yeah... Well we'll
stand guard over these students.
Lord Sixth, please just go relax
and read "Make‐Out Paradise" or
something like that.
I've read it so many times, I've
practically memorized it...
Probably a trap. But since Anko
Sensei's here too, why not
indulge them?
Heh, they're here...
Nue?!
Nue...
Okay first off, we'll rescue
everyone else. That gives us
more fighting strength!
Mm!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[chuckle and gasp]
Hm! [grunt]
Metal and Wasabi, you're the
fastest ones in our whole class!
So it's up to you to distract
them with your speed!
All right, Metal, let's do this!
Ninja Art: Cat Cloak!
[determined grunt]
Hm!
Meow!
[pained grunt]
[gasp]
Leaf Hurricane!
[pained grunt]
[grunt]
[spitting] You guys are pretty
fast.
Uh?!
A clone! I knew it!
(BORUTO) Namida, your jutsu will
be our secret weapon. I know
it'll work great!
Oh, what am I going to do now?!
I just don't have that kind of
power! [gasp]
[hissing]
Well, well...
And just what are you doing,
sneaking around?
I, uh...
Nue!
Ahhh!
[woozy groans]
[gasps]
Wasabi! Oh, I was so scared!
That was close! I barely
avoided getting hit by that!
[chuckle]
Thanks so much for saving us,
you guys!
Of course! Why would we not? It
is just what you do!
So, hey... Do you know how
Sarada and the others are doing?
Oh, uh... I'm sure they're
okay...
[pained grunts]
[grunt]
There are two of you, and that's
all you've got?
[grunt]
[grunts]
Really Boruto? That's it?
[struggling]
[gasp]
A sealing jutsu?!
[attack yell]
Cha!
[grunts]
[catching breath]
[grunt]
[attacking yell and grunt]
I'm sorry to say, Denki... But
your true opponent is now
Boruto's‐‐
[gasp]
When did that happen?!
(SARADA) You were too
careless...
[grunt]
...y'know Big Brother
Konohamaru!
The Transformation Jutsu... But
my target! Just how did it...?!
Hm?!
Genjutsu?!
(SARADA) Yep.
But I really wasn't sure it
was gonna work on you,
Konohamaru Sensei.
(BORUTO) But it did, 'cuz you
kept focusing on me.
[chuckling] You sure got me!
Leave it to the Sharingan and to
the craftiness you inherited
from Lord Seventh!
Hey!
I guess the guys were able to
pull it off, since you made it
back here, Tsuru.
Mhm! Everyone's out there
looking for Lord Sixth now.
Great! All right! Let's all go
get 'em together!
Sorry to keep you waiting, Old
Man Kakashi!
Look, I told you to call me Lord
Sixth!
So, what is it this time? I see
you've got our shadow Clones
ready...
So I can do this. Come on!
Ahhh!
Good grief...
Whoa!
Ah!
[pained grunt]
I believe four's your limit,
right?
[grunts]
Hold on... what is this?!
It's now or never!
[grunt]
Oh!
Whoa! [grunt]
Transformation Jutsu?!
Ahhh! Ahhh!
Interesting.
Ah!
[pained grunts and groans]
You did surprise me a little,
but it's still a childish trick.
Ahhh!
It's just unexpected, that's
all.
[pained grunts]
You guys are still completely
hopeless.
We're not done yet!
[pained groans]
Didn't you guys listen to
anything I said?!
Look we get it!
No, you don't! Not even one bit!
As it stands, you're not
compensating for the differences
in your individual strengths.
You're still scattered.
Did you think all you had to do
to defeat me was to attack at
once?
Don't underestimate shinobi.
You're the one underestimating
us!
I guess a crushing defeat is the
only way that you're going to
learn...
Do it now!
[straining÷]}
A Sealing Barrier?!
It's called Multi‐Coordinated
light Formation
I see... You lured me to this
location as we fought.
Yeah! You got that right!
What do you think? It's a pretty
powerful Sealing Jutsu, isn't
it?
Hmmm...
[straining]
C'mon! Hurry up! Get the bell!
It won't hold much longer!
Boruto! Hurry it up!
Yeah! I know! [straining] Ya
know!
[straining]
Uh‐oh. Not good...
Purple Lightning!
Ahhh!
Maybe I overdid it a little...
Huh?!
[straining]
There's no way I'm gonna sit
back while you talk trash about
all of my friends!
I'm gonna become a ninja, no
matter what!
And me too!
Yeah, same here!
(WASABI IZUNO) I'm in too!
(HOUKI TAKETORI) That's right!
(RENGA KOKUBO) Me, too!
(TSURU ITOI) No doubt!
(NAMIDA SUZUMENO) Count me in!
(METAL LEE) Me, as well!
(HAKO KUROI) And me!
I'm definitely in this
time!
Yeah, for sure!
Even though it is a drag!
I'm going to become Hokage
one day!
And I want to keep on staying
here in the Leaf.
[straining]
That's it. It's over...
[heavy breathing]
[pained groans]
All right, that's the end! The
exams are finished!
And you all pass!
Huh?!
What? I said, you all pass!
[gasp]
Huh...?!
Hey, what's with all the looks?!
Well, it's just... we didn't
actually get the bell...
Oh, this thing?
It's okay, just forget about the
bell.
You never would've gotten
it anyway, not even if hell
froze over.
[speechless]
Then,, what was the point of
having that rule at all?
The ninja world is harsh.
There are many rules and laws
out there in the real world.
And those who break the rules
are regarded as scum.
But if you don't value and stand
by your comrades, then you're
even worse than scum.
This year's students seem to
understand that idea very well.
The moment you joined together
and challenged me as one, you
passed.
But then why did you not just
say so right when we did that?
Well... You did a really good
job with that Sealing Jutsu,
and I was just so impressed
that I didn't want to stop you.
[chuckle]
During this exam, you failed if
you abandoned your friends.
But if you joined forces with
everyone, you passed.
the reason is because in a real
mission, you'll encounter many
difficulties.
And to overcome them, you must
never let your bond with your
comrades waver...
[yawn]
(SHINO) That resolve is
absolutely essential... but...
Hm?
What's wrong? Listen, I'm almost
done, all right?
No it's okay, Sensei. Keep going
with your speech.
We're just too tired to even try
to talk.
Of course, you guys, I guess I
should've realized...
Anyway, you all did really well
out there today!
Release!
Huh?!
(SHINO) You're now genin!
[giggles and cheers]
[sobbing]
[giggles and chattering]
It's a little early to
celebrate, isn't it...?
So, what do you think? Just how
were this year's graduates?
(KAKASHI) Well, they definitely
have potential. They may not be
entirely polished just yet,
but they seem to be nicely
gutsy.
Good. I'm glad to hear it.
But by the way...
...you really got carried away
fighting against students like
that!
Huh?!
You're always acting like this,
you know! You've no clue what
moderation is!
Oh. Sorry?
You could try being considerate
to the students for once!
(KAKASHI) Look, I said I'm
sorry!
(IRUKA) I mean, in the first
place, you put them in danger!
(KAKASHI) Didn't you hear me say
sorry?
[chuckle]
(SHINO) Sumire, what is a
three‐man squad?
(SUMIRE) It's a three‐man team
that's been put together so its
shinobi can fulfill missions!
(SHINO) That's close, but you're
only half right.
It's three comrades who all hold
each other's lives in their
hands.
The reason is because it's your
teamwork that's the factor
which distinguishes between life
and death.
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Formation of the
Three‐Man Squad?"
(SHINO) And now, I'll read the
match ups...